Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hey. watch it!
This is a lease!
I think it's time
we go our separate ways.
Agent 28.
what are you doing?
What I do best.
Improvising.
Can you be a doll
and open that door
over there for me?
Ah! Ah!
Thanks. hon.
X. I'm in.
And only 23 seconds.
I owe you lunch. Myrtle.
Actually. it was 22.5.
But what's a half a second
between gal pals?
So what's the situation?
You should have
a straight shot
to Dr. Dufu's rocket.
I checked the visuals.
and it's all clear.
Are you sure?
There's got to be at least
one more henchman.
Have I ever
steered you wrong?
Ooh.
My bad.
Ow!
Ugh.
Ah!
Hiyah!
Facial access granted.
Oh. hello. Agent 28.
I was wondering
when you'd get here.
I must say. I'm flattered
they sent the best.
Don't get too excited.
It's gonna be a quick visit!
Oh!
What do you think
of my most loyal henchman?
Ham Hand.
He came to me after his hand
was crushed
in a wrestling match.
so I forged him a hammer hand.
I think
his name is confusing.
I expected pork.
Oh!
I thought you'd be tougher
than this. Agent 28.
And not a curl out of place.
Oh. will you please
stop talking about the hair?
It's always about the hair.
So what's the deal
with your dumb rocket anyway?
You see those lasers?
This rocket will take out
every communication satellite
on Earth.
And then I launch my own.
Dufu TV. Dufu Phone.
Dufu Electric.
Dufu Daily News!
My beautiful wife
Schmoofy Doofy and I
will own all communication
and rule the world!
Boop.
T minus
one minute until lunch.
Not today. doofus.
I've got lunch plans.
It's pronounced Dufu.
It's French!
- Ha!
- Hey. get back in your cage.
Ooh.
- Hold still.
- Ah!
Hey. you messed up
Ham Hand's do.
Well. let me fix that
for you.
Oh. no. stop it!
Give me it! Hey!
- Ow!
- Ugh!
No!
I know I just tried
to kill you.
but get me out of here!
You need to shut down
the launch.
Yep. working on it.
You stopped the lasers.
not the launch.
Three. two. one.
- No!
X. how do we get doofus
back down?
You won't be
seeing him again.
That rocket is
a one way ticket into orbit.
Well. that's a shame.
But at least he got
a room with a view.
That was your best
Myrtle spy story yet.
Ten out of ten
on the showmanship.
Thanks. Clyde.
I can't wait to have
a secret agent for a Gran-Gran.
Just think--
jet setting across the world.
going on spy missions together.
doing dropkicks.
Whoa.
You're seriously about to
have the coolest grandma ever.
Don't tell Nana Gale
I said that.
Look alive. Loud crowd.
I'm here. and I'm ready
to load bags.
Who's getting married?
We're getting married.
Gran-Gran.
Perfect timing.
I was just telling Clyde
about the time
you saved the world
from Dr. Dufu.
Oh Lincoln.
that was ages ago.
All I can think about
right now is the wedding.
I'm about to marry
the man of my dreams
and finally have a family.
Speaking of the wedding.
if any spy business goes down
this weekend and you need help.
I'm your man.
Actually.
I do need your help.
Yeah?
With a super important
mission.
Yeah?
That only you can do.
Operation wedding rings.
I need you to guard these
with your life.
Oh. I thought
you were gonna ask me
to go on a real mission.
Oh. honey. this is real.
They aren't insured.
I'm gonna head out.
Lincoln.
Hoo. ha. huh.
Have fun at the wedding.
Let's kick it into gear. kiddos.
Butts need to be in Vanzilla
in 10 minutes.
- Hey. watch it.
I can't find anything.
Has anyone seen
my vacation coffin?
Now to pack the essentials.
David Steele fart spray.
David Steele grappling hook.
David Steele throwing stars.
Oh. those are sharp.
Hm. I feel like I'm
forgetting something important.
Of course.
My David Steele spy watch.
Charles!
Lincoln.
I'm flower girling here.
Drop it.
We don't have time to play.
- Hey. watch it. Stinkoln.
- Get back here.
- Now. where were we?
3. 23. hut. hut. hut.
Lynn. don't throw so hard.
You want to catch
Myrtle's flowers or not?
It's called a bouquet.
and duh.
Whoever catches it
totes gets married next.
Oh. can you imagine
Bobby and I's wedding?
LJ. where's your suitcase?
Don't need one.
Yeah. I'm wearing
all the underwear
I plan on taking.
That's clever. wow.
- Heads up. Pops.
Here's Lily's bag.
- No. no. no. no! Ah!
Nice catch. Loud.
Hello.
I'm here to watch
your dang house.
Mr. Grouse.
as our acting groundskeeper.
I need you to keep
a watchful eye on this.
What?
Is that a TV remote?
Don't make me laugh.
My nuclear fusion laser.
My rivals have been eyeing it
for months.
Guard it with your life
and by no means press any--
How do I get the news
on here?
You owe an apology
to the country of Finlandistan.
Get back here
with my watch. Charles.
This is a collectible.
My house!
Well.
look at the bright side.
Now you have satellite TV.
Oh.
All packed.
You got our wedding rings
in there. right kiddo?
The wedding rings?
Right.
Uh. they must be in my room.
Be right back.
- All right. kids. time to go.
- Ugh.
Initiating vacation mode.
Lincoln. come on.
We're gonna be late.
I got the rings.
Myrtle!
I'm coming. baby!
♪ There's never
a moment for action ♪
♪ For a spy that is prone
to distraction ♪
♪ And the clock is a lie ♪
♪ As you just watch
the hours fly by ♪
♪ There's just
no time to spy ♪
♪ No time to spy ♪
♪ No time
to laugh. love. or cry ♪
♪ There's just no time
to spy ♪
Adorable kids.
Are all of them yours?
Different mothers. I assume.
I'm Fifi.
Oh. hi.
I'm Lin.
Sorry. I get
a little plane sick.
Oh.
Ah!
Lily. that's not
a diving board.
How's it going. sweetie?
- Never better.
I can taste
other people's breath.
Ugh.
Ow.
- Yo. Lori. heads up.
- Lynn.
I said not on the plane.
Ooh. tie-dye.
Oh. how about a couple's
massage on the beach. huh?
Oh. never eat
the airplane sashimi.
Oh.
I'll be right back.
Is there something
in your eye. hon?
No. I just wanted
to let you know.
Whoa.
I've located the exits
in case an evil villain
is hiding in the cargo hold
waiting to take us captive.
Oh. honey.
there's no bad guys
on this plane.
and trust me.
if there were.
you don't want to meet them.
It's not all fun and games like
your picture book Derek Stump.
David Steele.
There are real consequences
to spy life. dangerous ones.
But you're just a kid.
and I don't expect you
to get it.
Hey. did that Stump fellow
ever throw a villain
off Mount Everest
while deliriously low
on oxygen?
Cause I did.
Whoa. really?
So there I was
in-hand-to hand combat
at the highest peak
and slowly
losing consciousness.
The odds of me
making it out alive
were slim to none.
Whoops.
Coming through.
Hey. what's wrong. Al?
Well. sometimes hearing about
Myrtle's past
makes me worry.
maybe I'm not
exciting enough for her.
Maybe I'm a little
small potatoes. you know?
Al. that's ridiculous.
You're not a small potato.
Who just won Sunset Canyon's
shuffleboard showdown?
Seymour.
Oh. yeah.
That guy's incredible.
And that's why
I love free napkins.
Never know
when they'll save your life.
Well. enough about that.
Let's go over
the wedding playlist.
Psst. Gran-Gran.
I'm pretty sure
that flight attendant
is listening to us.
Sweetie. you're being silly.
I bet she's undercover.
gathering intel on us.
Oh. no. I ate the peanuts.
There's probably a tracking
device in my stomach.
I really. really
don't think so.
Lincoln.
you already have a mission.
You still got those rings?
- Don't worry.
They're safe inside the box.
I'm going back to my seat
to read comics.
Ah!
Lori. go long.
Hut. hut. hut.
Oh. cold. cold!
Oh. is that citrus?
Oh. it's a deep burn.
Sorry about that.
Lori doesn't know how to catch.
- Lynn.
- Way to make enemies already.
Relax.
We'll never see her again.
So we're staying
at the same place.
Tight.
Ooh!
Ooh.
Welcome to
the Thunderball Resort.
Can I get you a hot towel?
- Lori. think fast.
- Stop it. Lynn.
- Ahem.
That'll be 20 big ones
for the hot towel.
Yo. Mom.
this sounds like a you problem.
You know. you bear
a striking resemblance
to someone.
Do you know a Flip Phillipini?
I sure do.
I'm Flap Phillipini.
Flip's my cousin.
Huh.
What are the chances?
One in one billion. five--
Charge it to the room. Flap.
I have you all checked in.
Ceviche. can I get these people
some keys. please?
Thank you. Ceviche.
OK. girls.
let's head to the pool
and plan the bachelorette party
for tonight.
Yeah!
Don't forget about Todd.
y'all.
I'm gonna go meet
with the caterer
and go over the menu.
And I was planning
on taking my Myrtle buns
on a surprise fishing trip.
Surprise!
Oh. Al.
How romantic.
Ooh. you guys
are going on a boat?
That sounds awesome.
Oh. did you want to come.
Lincoln?
I don't have
anything else to do.
I'll go grab my spy stuff.
Lincoln. you don't need it.
Don't you kids
go anywhere without me.
Hey. watch it. kid.
You wouldn't want to bump into
the wrong guy on this island.
Yeah. yeah. I got it.
The truck's all loaded
for. uh. the fishing trip.
Hmm.
♪ Lonely ♪
Oh. all right. Myrtle dove.
Time to catch us some dinner.
No sign of mohawk man.
but my spy sense
is at a level five tingle.
Lincoln. honey.
let the spy stuff go.
Come have a juice spritzer.
Be right there.
Whoa. there he is.
My spy sense was right.
There's something going on.
I wonder
what's in those crates.
Wait.
My David Steele
waterproof camera.
What is that name?
Rubin.
Oh.
Not good.
Very not good.
You know. in my Navy days.
I used to fish with a spear.
Oh. Al.
That's so rugged.
- Gran-Gran. can I talk to you?
Oh.
I got a big one on the line.
Lincoln. get your camera.
OK. Pop-Pop.
Will do.
So I just saw these bad guys
exchanging money for something.
I don't know what.
but they saw me take
a picture. and now they're--
- Lincoln. please.
There are no bad guys
around here.
Dang it.
Give us
the little boy's camera.
and no one gets hurt. grandma.
Listen. cargo shorts.
I go by Gran-Gran.
Whatever.
Boys.
Hyah!
Oh. man.
a real life spy fight.
♪ Lonely ♪
Take this. chum bucket.
- Huh?
Whoa!
♪ Until I slip this town ♪
Sorry.
♪ My love's
no hand-me-down ♪
♪ Lonely ♪
All right. kid. hand it over.
- Ha!
Ah!
- I know. I'm excited too.
Get that camera.
- Gotcha.
- That's it.
♪ Play the games ♪
Huh?
- Hyah!
I should have
called in sick today.
- Huh?
♪ Gonna make you ♪
- Get off.
Ugh.
Lincoln!
Got it.
♪ As they'll all win alone ♪
Oh. not what I meant to do.
That's right. fish.
Come to Pop-Pop.
Lincoln. hit the gas now.
♪ Lonely times before ♪
Whoa.
Aw. cheap lures.
Oh.
Sorry. Al.
Lincoln needs aloe vera ASAP.
He's in sun shock.
OK. let's get my best man
back to the resort.
Oh. don't worry. Myrtle dove.
I'm gonna make up
for not catching anything.
Tonight.
you'll have the best table
at the best restaurant.
- Can't wait.
Um. I'll get some cold towels
for Linc.
Ooh.
Lincoln. now listen to me.
I know
what you're gonna say.
It's too bad cargo shorts
fell in the ocean
with my camera.
or we'd have some clues.
What? No.
We don't need clues.
We are leaving immediately.
Myrtle.
Long time no talk.
What's it been. 30 years?
Sorry. X.
No time to catch up.
Our fishing boat
was just attacked
after my fiancé's grandson
witnessed a shady deal
going down.
I'm sending you
our coordinates
so you can have an agent
check into it.
Myrtle. can you do it?
You're right there.
Yes. we accept the mission.
No. we do not accept.
Lincoln. zip it.
X. I retired.
and I have a family now.
I'm about to get married.
- I know.
And an invite
would have been classy.
but let's table that.
I'm sorry. but I have
to get us off this island
on the first flight tomorrow.
I'll call you when we're safe.
But Gran-Gran.
think about it.
This is our chance
to be heroes.
You and me. working together.
the ultimate spy duo.
Let's call her back.
- Lincoln. just stop it.
You don't understand
what it means
to be a real hero.
It's not about
ticking time bombs.
high-tech gadgets.
and invisible laser shields.
They make
invisible laser shields?
Being a hero
is about sacrifice.
It's making a tough choice
even if you don't like it.
And right now that means
getting your family to safety.
Hey. party of--
- Oops.
Old habits die hard.
I better check on Flop.
I know what a hero is.
and they don't
turn down missions.
Hey. X. Myrtle here.
Totes changed my mind
about the mission. LOL.
We're on it.
Strong arm emoji.
high five emoji.
party emoji. and--
Stopped the bleeding.
but he'll definitely
need to ice that.
I'm sorry. Gran-Gran.
You were right
about everything.
I'll go pack my stuff now.
Good.
I knew I could count on you.
I'll go talk to Pop-Pop.
And Lincoln. I'm proud of you
for handling this so well.
Yes.
Yoo-hoo. white haired boy.
Oh. I was just looking
for sea glass
on the beach
for my dog jewelry business.
I make collars.
harnesses. cuff-links.
but I call them ruff-links.
Sorry. I don't have any cash.
Oh. you're a riot.
A riot.
I'm not selling you.
I just found your camera.
It washed up on shore.
I also found cargo shorts.
I think I'll make them
into curtains.
But with pockets.
Neat. huh?
- Thank you. thank you.
I can't believe you found it.
Oh. it's so cute
how you wrote
"property of Lincoln Loud.
super spy."
You know. I used to play spy
when I was eight too.
Actually I'm 12.
but thanks again.
Just give me a call
for all your ruff-link--
ooh!
Apologies. Fifi.
I'm always practicing
my grave digging technique.
No worries.
I'm OK.
Let me just try to stand up.
Oh.
Nope.
Not gonna stand up.
Come on. pick up. pick up.
Hey Lincoln.
How's the wedding prep?
Clyde. I'm in the middle
of a spy operation.
and I need your help.
- Roger that.
I'll head to HQ.
Sorry. dads.
I've got some important
spy business to attend to.
Just stay hydrated!
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh!
Oh.
Ugh.
Ow.
Whew.
Agent Loud. I'm in.
Clyde. our boat was attacked
after I snapped this photo.
It's in pretty bad shape.
but there might be a clue
in there.
Can you enhance it?
What does the crate say?
Rubiner's.
Give me one second.
All right.
Let's see.
Looks like there's
a restaurant on the island
called Rubiner's Fishmongers.
I'll send you a pin.
- Perfect.
I'll start there.
- Awesome.
Your first real
spy mission with Myrtle.
Uh. Gran-Gran's busy
prepping for the wedding.
so I'm going to take on
this mission solo.
Well. be careful.
And remember to stay hydrated.
Al. whenever you're done
in there. we need to talk.
Okey dokey
You're gonna love
this restaurant. sweetie.
But I already asked
about the napkins.
and they're cloth.
so you can't take them.
Yeah. about that.
I don't think
I'll be making dinner.
I'm just so exhausted
from fishing.
I think I'm gonna lie down.
His little spy butt
is in so much trouble.
Maybe Lynn Sr.
will have dinner with you.
Well. I'm not paying
for Lynn's 12 appetizers.
Yah.
We here at
Thunderball Resort
would like to thank you
for staying with us
on your big day.
Please accept this gift basket
as a token of--
How'd you like to make
the best tip of your life?
Just pretend
to be me taking a nap.
and I'll be back in 20 minutes.
If anyone asks.
your name is Myrtle.
Rest up. honey.
You wouldn't want to miss out
on our cuddle under the stars.
See you soon.
my little Myrtle dove.
OK. well. I guess
that wasn't too bad.
Bachelorette party!
Mom--can I call you Mom?
Why are you in bed?
Aren't you excited
for your bachelorette party?
Let's rock. Gran-Gran.
We have a limo
parked out front.
Uh. I'm Myrtle?
I'd say that's a yes.
Welcome to Rubiner's.
home of the calamari safari.
Steele. David Steele.
party of one.
Um. this is a restaurant.
not a daycare.
Sorry. kid.
Oh. Juan.
Fine. I guess I'll take
my patronage elsewhere.
Uh. I got a delivery here
from Juan.
Those must be for me.
Next thing you know.
he's gonna propose.
but I'm too young for that.
so I'm gonna say no.
and then we'll wait a year.
and then I'll ask him again
to propose.
Juan.
♪ Every little movement ♪
♪ Every little thing you do ♪
Look. my sister
doesn't hate you.
That's just the way
her face looks.
One flippy.
not shaken or stirred. please.
Uh...
We don't serve flippies here.
But we serve floppees.
You're in for a treat.
Shake it up.
Make that floppee.
Yee!
- Yoo-hoo. Lincoln. over here.
It's me. Fifi.
I ordered the calamari safari.
and this thing is huge.
Come join me
before the clams get hot.
OK. shh.
Ta-da!
Huh?
Ugh. you did it again. Randall.
You always push him away.
Go Myrtle.
go Myrtle. go Myrtle.
Your bachelorette party
would not be complete
without some
funky accessories.
Oh.
And some games.
First up.
how well do you know Pop-Pop?
OK. first question.
What's Pop-Pop's
favorite steamed vegetable?
Uh. I'm Myrtle.
Ooh. so close.
It's carrots.
Oh.
This guy
is so not getting a tip.
Ah. these brakes are a doozy.
Everybody all right back here?
Flop?
You're our driver?
The name's Louie. chiefs.
Louie's Limo and Lemonade.
Anybody want some?
I juice the lemons
with my tire jack.
Ugh.
Cut from the same cloth
as our Flip.
Hard pass
on the jacked lemonade.
Yo Louie.
you know any karaoke places?
I think it's time
to sing to the bride to be.
Oh. you betcha.
And right!
Car candles
is my other business.
They're great for road trips
and legal in three states.
I'm famous for my fragrances.
Wet shower. yogurt in a bowl.
old pillows.
and of course. tar.
Save me.
Ugh.
So my cousin's uncle's
brother's great. great aunt--
Oh. man. sorry I'm late.
Jerry wouldn't stop talking
about his cargo shorts.
Huh?
Ugh. Jerry and his pockets.
But my funky foot
fungus fragrance.
that was my best seller.
Excuse me. Fifi.
I have some important business
to attend to.
Oh. are you
on a top secret spy mission?
Have fun.
I mean...
♪ You say you want to ♪
♪ Learn how to robot ♪
♪ You go rah-ah-oh ♪
♪ Rah-ah-oh-robot ♪
Yay!
All right. Todd.
you're cut off.
Five songs is enough.
I can stop whenever I want.
We've got
a bachelorette party
in the house tonight.
Let's bring the bride to be
up on stage
for a special performance.
Oh no. no. no.
That's OK.
Rain check for Myrtle.
Come on.
This is your chance to shine.
♪ Ooh. girl. if I could ♪
♪ Ooh. girl. I give you the--
ooh. girl. world girl ♪
♪ Give you the-- ♪
♪ Girl. boy world ♪
♪ And you.
you could be my girl ♪
♪ And I could be
your boy girl ♪
♪ Girl boy. ooh. girl ♪
♪ Boy. girl. ooh. girl ♪
♪ You're a girl ♪
♪ My girl ♪
♪ And I'm a boy ♪
♪ Ooh girl ♪
♪ What else do we need? ♪
♪ Just the world ♪
♪ Ooh. girl ♪
I'm Myrtle.
You're Myrtle.
And you wanted
to go to Rubiner's.
- Huh?
We're running out of time.
Get these rocket parts
to Dufu now.
Yes. sir.
Ham Hand
from Gran-Gran's stories.
Well. we better get moving.
Yeah. last thing I need
is a hammer in the face.
Ow. Ooh. ugh.
Dang it.
Where'd he go?
Ugh!
Lincoln.
what are you doing here?
Oh. phew.
Gran-Gran. it's you.
I told you
to drop the spy stuff.
These people are dangerous.
We need to get out of here now.
Look. I'm sorry
I didn't listen to you.
but Ham Hand is here.
and he said something
about building a rocket
for Dufu.
What?
Doofus is back from space?
Yeah.
And we have to stop him.
No. X is sending
another agent.
and they can stop doofus.
Uh. so don't get mad.
but no one's coming.
- Is that my phone?
- Yeah.
I sort of borrowed it
and accepted the mission.
- What?
- I said don't get mad.
Don't worry.
We got this.
You and I make a great team.
Hey. what are you doing here?
Wait a second.
You're the two from the boat.
David Steele fart spray.
- Nice move. huh?
Come on.
Lincoln. stay back.
David Steele throwing star.
- Room for dessert?
- Sweet burn. Gran-Gran.
- Come here.
- Gazpacho in your face.
- Gross.
Get over here. kid.
- Ah! Ah!
Ah. ah. ah. ah!
- Ugh!
- Get her!
- Table for three?
Take that booth.
Crab cakes. table ten.
I can't see.
Whoa!
- Gotcha.
Who's hungry for more?
Ah.
That was incredible.
Can we get a quick pic
with all the bodies behind me?
Not now.
We gotta get out of here.
Too late. chump burgers.
- Hiyah!
- Ow!
Excuse us.
- Sorry. Enjoy your meal.
Moped. 12 o'clock.
- Go. go. go.
- E-scooter?
What the heck is an e-scooter?
Download app.
Scan phone to activate?
Hang on. let me get my glasses.
- Uh...
- Over there!
Let's go. let's go.
let's go. let's go!
I'm downloading the app.
Ah!
- Whoa!
Do you think
they'll figure out the app?
I figured out the app.
Let's roll.
Hang on. sweetie.
We're gonna
ditch these punks.
Huh?
Whoa.
Are they blasting at us?
Well. they're sure not
blowing us kisses.
Tranquilizer darts?
Don't worry. Gran-Gran.
I'll take care of this guy.
I've got it. Lincoln.
Just give me your phone.
Ugh.
Yeah. great idea.
You can use my David Steele
distraction light.
Hey.
Lincoln. clothesline.
Huh?
Whoa. that was amazing.
We messed
those dudes up. Gran-Gran.
We sure did.
- Ah!
- Whoa!
Ow.
- Ooh.
Lincoln.
Ow.
Huh?
You've got
to get out of here.
But Gran-Gran--
Listen to me. you need
to get Pop-Pop and your family
off the island.
I'll be fine.
Now go.
Oh. come on.
All my pictures were on there.
Agent 28. we meet again.
Hammy. long time no see.
Did your hair get thinner?
Get the jokes in now.
Dufu got you front row tickets
for our main event.
and then I'm gonna put
an end to this little reunion.
Tie her up.
Sweep the area
for the wannabe spy.
Where is this kid?
Oh. no.
So not good. So not good.
Hey. I hear some panicking.
Over here.
- Ugh!
You check over there.
I'll check over here.
What do I do?
What would David Steele do?
Think. think. think.
Just got to take this
one step at time.
Ow.
They found me.
Lincoln. we can see you.
Yeah. and you look terrible.
What are you doing out here?
Are you playing spy again?
Lori? Lola?
Am I glad to see you guys.
There's an evil doctor
trying to take over the world.
and his goons
captured Gran-Gran.
What are you talking about?
Myrtle is literally
in the limo with us.
Huh?
Go Myrtle.
Go Myrtle. go Myrtle.
- Gran-Gran? You escaped.
Are you catching everyone up
on our wild night?
What's the plan?
- Um. I'm Myrtle.
- Huh?
- Imposter.
Please don't hurt me.
Look. Myrtle promised me
a big tip
if I pretended to be her. so...
You're telling me
we've been buying drinks
all night for some rando?
I would have said
something earlier.
but I just got caught up
in being Myrtle.
It was so freeing.
I just got to say.
you're the most supportive
family I've ever met.
So Lincoln's
ridiculous story is true?
Lori. call Pop-Pop
and your father stat.
Mom. nobody makes
phone calls anymore.
It's all about the emojis.
- Just call them!
Flop. Louie.
whatever your name is.
take us to
the island police station
and step on it.
- OK.
But if anyone yacks
on the upholstery.
I got to charge
a $50 upchuck fee.
Oop. that one was me.
But I'm still charging you.
We need to see
the chief ASAP.
You got him.
Chief Phillipini.
nice to meet youse.
How is he
in so many places at once?
That's not important.
My Myrtle was taken.
and we need you
to get her back chop-chop.
Oh. yeesh.
That is a pickle.
But I got to wait
48 hours before filing
a missing persons report.
Hey. if you're looking
to kill a little time.
Ceviche and are doing
two nights of improv
at the Chuckle Condo.
Just make sure to lock up
on your way out.
There's a whole lot
of evidence in here.
Oh. I can't believe
I wasn't there to help her.
What kind of fiancé am I?
What are we gonna do?
I know exactly
what we have to do.
Huh?
We form an elite spy team
and go into the jungle
to save her.
That's what David Steele
would do.
Lincoln. we are
so not secret agents.
Yeah. Lori can't even catch.
- Ow. Lynn!
- See?
No. but I am.
and I can lead the way.
Besides. we're in
the middle of the ocean.
Nobody's coming.
and we're running out of time.
Who's with me?
- I am.
- Huh?
Lincoln's right.
It's us or no one.
I'm in.
That's a cute idea. guys.
But how are we supposed to
take down an army of henchmen?
Easy. we just need
the right equipment.
Meet me at the hotel
business center in the morning.
Welcome to my makeshift lab.
It's been tough
without the proper facilities.
but we're making do.
Todd. initiate Protocol Steele.
Affirmative. y'all.
Ooh.
Is that "David Steele"
issue 479?
Keen observation. brother.
Taking a page from this comic.
I've whipped up
a few devices that should aid
in the kicking of some serious
villain posterior.
street name. butts.
For Leni.
lightning lemonade lipstick
capable of cutting
any and all types of material.
Ooh. a spring shade.
For you. Lily.
this special lollipop.
One lick.
and an elephant
will be sleeping for hours.
For Lori.
a pitching wedge grappling hook
capable of holding
10.000 pounds.
What's this button do?
And for the flower girl.
delicate
and destructive daffodils.
For Luan. a whoopee cushion
filled with Lynn's
post-meatball flatulence.
- Deadly. Wait. how did you--
Hydraulic knuckles
for Pop-Pop.
That's the stuff.
And Lincoln. for you.
your David Steele watch
has now been reinforced
with stainless steel
and bulletproof carbon
as well as equipped
with a built in super magnet.
It's only got enough charge
for one use. so use it wisely.
Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh.
what's my device. Lisa?
What's my device. huh?
- Glad you asked. Father.
Whoa. pepper shakers.
Do they talk? Explode?
Oh. I bet they're heat-seeking.
Ah!
- Uh. Lisa.
Don't worry.
They're just electric.
I don't want him
hurting anyone.
including himself.
Dr. Dufu
won't know what hit him.
Let's go save Gran-Gran!
In you go.
No. no. no.
this is all wrong.
I requested a suite
with a king-size bed.
Keep joking. 28.
Dufu will get the last laugh.
Like he isn't already
laughing at that caterpillar
under your nose.
- It's a timeless look. OK?
- Don't listen to her.
I think it's cute.
- Thanks. Rick.
You always know what to say.
Ugh.
Oh. Myrtle. you just can't
escape this life. can you?
Come on. guys.
I'm pretty sure
these tire tracks
will lead us
right to Gran-Gran.
Wait.
The tracks just end here.
Oh. well that's just great.
We came all this way.
and now we're lost. Lincoln.
Lip balm.
mothballs. and a hint
of those hard caramels
from the gas station.
That's Myrtle.
She was here.
Come on. girl.
what do you smell?
- She's got the scent.
Huh.
The scent goes cold here.
That's it.
That's where
they have Gran-Gran.
In "David Steele" issue 10.
Malice captured
David Steele's nephew
and held him hostage
in a mountain lair.
We just need to find a way in.
Hey. maybe those guys
can help us.
Get down.
Howdy. Loudies!
Rented a buggy
from the resort.
Did you hear something?
Fifi. please stop.
Hey. it's that nosy
white haired kid from the boat.
Get him.
- Quick. follow me.
This thing really moves.
Sorry.
we're commandeering this.
Hold on to your butts.
See you soon.
Go. go. go.
Did we lose them?
Coast is clear. Mom.
[together
Whoa!
Cliff approaching.
Hang on. kids.
More bad guys!
Ugh. so dramatic.
I'll handle this.
Huh?
- Ah!
- Mom. look out!
Hmm?
Huh?
Where are we?
This must be the entrance
to Dr. Dufu's secret lair.
Let's go take it to him.
Not so fast. Pop-Pop.
Villain 101. any evil lair
is gonna be heavily guarded.
If we're gonna
breach this place.
we got to do it spy style.
- Huh?
Uh. hello. baby.
Are you lost?
Oh. thanks. but no thanks.
I'm trying
to cut back on my sweets.
No. wait. don't cry.
Look.
See?
Oh. is that cinna--
Night-night.
Nice work. Lily.
Thank you.
Attention all security staff.
We have ten minutes
until the big launch.
Also today
is Tony's birthday.
so don't forget to sign
his card in the break room.
Guys. we got get
Gran-Gran quick.
Come on.
Look.
A directory.
Let's see.
Aha. there's a jail cell
on the 10th floor.
That's where
they'll be keeping Gran-Gran.
It's jailbreak time. baby.
Be careful.
These places are usually
riddled with booby traps.
One wrong step and you--
- Uh. Lincoln.
Dang it.
- Whoa!
- Oh!
That was close.
Hey. what gives?
- Are you guys OK?
- We're fine.
We all know where to go.
Let's meet up at the jail cell.
T-minus ten minutes
until launch.
Think. Myrtle. think.
You can't let doofus
fire that rocket.
Free napkins.
Never know
when they'll save your life.
Ah. that's our way up.
But how do we get
those guys out of here?
Hmm.
We work in a nice place.
- I got this one.
- Huh?
Sorry to butt in. Tony.
Hmm. anyone here
wear a men's extra large?
I'm more of a snug medium.
Stop it.
Hey. hey. fellas.
You henching hard
or hardly henching?
Hey. it's Tony.
Happy birthday. man.
Oh. thanks.
You too.
Hey. wait.
my birthday is next Tuesday.
and the real Tony
would know that.
Uh. I didn't want
to have to do this.
but you left me no choice.
- Ah. ah...
- Yah...
Huzzah!
It's OK. kids.
Daddy saved us all.
Hiyah!
All right. just a straight shot
to the top.
Whoa. wait.
why are we stopping?
I have an idea.
Whoa!
Hey. Tony.
Someone's been really
putting away the birthday cake.
Yeah. well. you know me.
Tony can't help himself.
How are we gonna cross
without them seeing us?
We need to cut the lights.
On it.
- Huh?
- What?
Stay close.
I have natural night vision.
Get your shoes
out of my face.
Get your face
out of my shoes.
Oxygen levels waning.
Need air.
Huh?
You know.
too much birthday cake.
My very large. lumpy tummy.
Happy birthday. Tony.
Tony. the birthday boy.
Let's all sing
happy birthday to Tony.
One. two. three.
♪ Happy birthday to... ♪
Hey. I found a flashlight.
Nice.
Turn that sucker on.
Stay perfectly still.
Maybe they don't see us.
Dang it.
Run!
Ow!
Shut the door!
Hurry!
We can make it!
That's not good.
- Ugh.
- Oh.
I got you. Lily!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
We gotta lose these guys.
Everybody hold your breath.
Here comes the meatball sub.
♪ You smell like a monkey ♪
Happy birthday. Tony.
Ah. gross.
There must be a clog.
Dibs not fixing it.
- Dibs not fixing.
Ugh.
Fine. I'll get the plunger.
Jeez. lady.
Ever heard of fiber?
On your feet.
We got to transfer you
while we get this cleaned up.
Hey. I said--
The pillow ploy.
I keep falling for that.
Got the plunger.
I brought the toilet brush too
just in case.
Huh?
OK. where's doofus's rocket?
A tough guy. huh?
Maybe we should try cleaning
that mouth of yours.
It's one floor up.
Ah. slow down.
- Ah!
You guys made it!
Yeah!
First ones here.
We win!
Not a competition. Lynn.
but I love the enthusiasm.
I don't see
my Myrtle anywhere.
Guys. something feels off.
My spy sense is going bananas.
Launch initiated.
I got to disarm this rocket.
Access denied.
Master key required.
Master key required?
Now coming to the ring.
fighting out of Topeka. Kansas.
He's 6'7". 320 pounds.
the prince of pummel.
he is--
- Ham Hand.
Didn't like your room.
old timer?
A little small for my tastes.
I like to spread my wings.
Now let's dance.
Huh?
Ha!
Hold still.
Ugh.
- Aha!
Time for your nap. grandma.
Ham Hand. heads up.
Huh?
Looks like
you've got a clog. Hammy.
Al? Kids!
Gran-Gran.
I'm gonna get you
out of here.
Don't you worry.
Gran-Gran.
look out behind you.
- Huh?
Huh?
There you are. doofus.
It's pronounced Dufu.
Fifi?
Huh?
You don't remember me.
Agent 28?
Because I remember you.
The day you ruined my life
will be etched
in my mind forever.
Good news. Roofy Floofy.
there was a hair
in the mashed potatoes.
so we got our sides for free.
I love mashed potatoes.
Rufus?
- No!
- Rufus!
Well. that's a shame.
But at least
he got a room with a view.
You're Schmoofy Doofy.
Very good. 28.
I stopped your husband
from taking over the world.
and I'll stop you too.
I never planned
to take over the world.
That was all
just a ruse to get you here.
This is personal.
Roofy Floofy and I had
our whole future ahead of us.
And you snatched
that dream from me
by shooting him into space.
I didn't throw
your husband into that rocket.
He tripped and fell.
- Silence.
This is my monologue.
I've been waiting years
to exact my revenge.
and when I saw your
little wedding announcement
in the "Royal Woods Gazette."
I was elated.
I've been studying you all
for months now.
I know who's a genius.
I know who's creepy.
I even know
who's prone to flatulence.
Is it me?
'Cause this one's a toss-up
between Lori and I.
Stop it. Lynn.
But I needed a way
to get close.
and I found it with you.
Lincoln.
A wittle boy playing spy.
I knew if I could lure you
into my spy game.
you wouldn't be able to resist.
Wait a sec.
You mean. the boat.
the restaurant. the dune buggy?
It was all a setup.
I can't believe
I fell for it.
I can.
You're just
an irresponsible child.
I mean.
you couldn't even take care
of a couple wedding rings.
You've led your loved ones
right into my trap.
Rocket armed.
You took away my family.
Agent 28.
and now
I'm gonna take away yours.
By launching them into space!
T-minus one minute
until launch.
59. 58. 57...
Au revoir. Louds.
You're not going anywhere.
So just sit back
and enjoy the show.
Hey Hammy.
your bald spot's showing.
What?
But wait. I combed over it.
Hey.
Whoa!
Now. where were we?
Time for your nap.
Huh?
Hold tight. kids.
If I can get doofus's phone.
I can stop the rocket.
I guess
you won't be needing these
since I'll be shooting
your fiancé into space.
No!
Oh. that felt good.
Boop.
Toodles.
Enjoy the show.
Too slow. doofus.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no!
30 seconds until launch.
Ow.
Gotcha.
I need that phone. Fifi.
Never.
I must have my revenge.
We don't have time for this.
Give me the phone.
and I'll pull you up.
Come on. you're gonna fall.
- No!
Three. two. one.
OK. everybody.
we need to conserve oxygen.
Forget that.
Suck it down.
Oh. what's the point?
I'm never gonna see
my Myrtle again.
Myrtle!
Oh. thank you.
We're saved.
You brought parachutes. right?
I'm sorry. Lynn.
I've got nothing.
I don't know
if there's a way back down.
This is all my fault.
Lincoln.
No. Fifi was right.
I'm just a dumb kid
playing spy.
I couldn't even keep track
of your rings.
I ruined the wedding
and our lives.
and now we're stuck up here
forever because of me.
Maybe not.
Once I was on a mission
in Minsk
and had to escape
through the toilet
on a Trans-Siberian rail car.
Yah!
Whoa.
She just dead lifted the john.
We can use the septic tank
as an escape pod.
We are still
in the troposphere.
If we can seal off the tank.
we just may survive impact.
There is. however. one problem.
Someone is gonna have to close
the tank from the outside.
You mean--
One of us
isn't getting off this rocket.
I'll do it.
What?
- I got us into this mess.
- Absolutely not.
You're all family.
I'll stay behind.
Myrtle. you're part
of this family too.
No.
I'm not. Al.
I can't marry you.
Huh?
I love you. Al.
I love you all.
But it's like I told Lincoln.
The spy life has consequences.
I thought
I could escape my past.
but it'll always be there.
putting anyone I care about
at risk.
Uh. I don't want
to come off as insensitive.
but we've got to get
this show on the road.
Go.
Whoa.
Oh!
I can't do this.
I don't want to live
a life without you.
Oh. my Al.
A gentleman till the end.
I'm so sorry.
Lincoln!
- Whoa!
- Ah!
Goodbye. everyone.
No!
Ham Hand is invincible.
Call the Air Force.
Radio NASA.
Does anyone know an astronaut?
Huh?
Rita. Lynn. kids.
I have an idea.
We just need to get back
to the rocket console.
Five layers of love.
Yummy. dum. dum.
We've established
a connection with my laser.
but I only see
one viable satellite
that can course correct
the rocket.
It's moving fast.
so we've only got one shot.
Aha. right there.
It's the satellite.
Deploying laser.
Yah!
Behold the power of science.
Huh?
Impact successful.
Look. there he is!
Lincoln!
That's my best man.
I'm coming. little buddy.
Ha!
I should have brought
more coffins.
Ow.
How could that man ever think
he's small potatoes?
He's the biggest potato I know.
You-- you-- you--
Lori. think fast.
Thanks. Lana.
Pop-Pop. you saved me.
Aw. it was mostly Myrtle.
It was her plan
to use my laser.
I couldn't have done it
without David Steele
and all of you.
No one in this family
goes at it alone. big brother.
Come on. Gran-Gran.
Get in here.
Really?
Even after all of this?
You heard Lisa.
This family
always sticks together.
even if a super villain and her
army of henchmen are after us.
Maybe I can have a family.
Does that mean--
Let's get married. Al.
- Yes!
- Yay!
Uh. knock. knock.
You wanted to see me?
Ooh. Ah.
I'm not looking.
I promise.
Lincoln.
that wedding superstition
only applies to the groom.
I just want to say.
you were brave
to step up
for your family like that.
I'm so proud
I get to be your Gran-Gran.
Oh. I almost forgot.
These are for you.
I'm sorry they're not
the original rings.
They're made out of bamboo.
Oh. thank you.
These are beautiful.
Where'd you get them?
You'd be amazed
what a David Steele watch
is worth on this island.
But Lincoln.
it's a collectible.
I know. but someone
once told me
that there's more to spy life
than fancy gadgets.
and I think I'm starting
to understand what they meant.
Come here.
Just don't go jumping into
any rockets again without me.
And now I.
Willie of Willie's Weddings
and Wakes. pronounce you. Al.
and you. Myrtle. married.
Psst. the rings.
I knew we could count on you.
I love you. Myrtle dove.
Oh. Al.
Come on. Gran-Gran!
It's bouquet time. baby.
Here. use this shrimp
as a mouth guard.
It could get ugly out there.
Use your body. Lori.
Out of the way.
Yes!
I got it.
X. you came.
Uh. who's X?
My boss.
Nice catch. blondie.
but if you ever
tackle me again.
I'll make Bobby Boo Boo Bear
disappear
and have it look
like an accident.
♪ Hold you close
in my heart ♪
♪ Even when we're far apart ♪
♪ Where I go
you always follow ♪
♪ No need to worry
about tomorrow ♪
♪ If I fall.
you'll always catch me ♪
♪ We're one Loud house family ♪
♪ Where I go
you always follow ♪
♪ No need to worry
about tomorrow ♪
♪ If I fall.
you'll always catch me ♪
♪ We're one Loud house family ♪
Me and Ceviche were out
diving for buried treasure
when we found these two clowns.
Consider it a wedding gift.
Weddings always get me.
Knock it off
with the waterworks.
you muscle head.
You're leaking on me.
Oh. oh. oh!
Boy. they're going away
for a long time.
Oh. by the way.
thanks for this
fancy new watch. Got
a lot of buttons.
Just take good care of it.
It's a collectible.
Collectible?
Consider it sold.
Hey. everyone. let's get
a photo with my new family.
All right.
Let's see those big smiles.
Mission accomplished.
Lincoln.
Gran-Gran.
♪ Hold you close in my heart
even when we're far apart ♪
♪ Where I go
you always follow ♪
♪ No need to worry
about tomorrow ♪
♪ If I fall.
you'll always catch me ♪
♪ We're one
Loud house family ♪
♪ Where I go
you always follow ♪
♪ No need
to worry about tomorrow ♪
♪ If I fall.
you'll always catch me ♪
♪ We're one
Loud house family ♪